[Music]
the 15 rules of modern etiquette being
well-versed in the basics is good in all
but there are lots of nuances that only
a small number of people seem to know
number 15 never visit without calling
first one British lady had a pretty
funny and effective way to deal with
unexpected visits she says that when she
sees an uninvited guest approaching she
quickly puts on her shoes and a hat and
grabs an umbrella if she usually enjoys
this person's company she exclaims so
nice to see you I've just come home if
the person is someone she'd rather avoid
she tells them ah what a pity I really
have to go it might not be the most
honest approach but it works for her
more power to her here are some of the
other things that are considered rude
when you visit somebody don't ask for
the Wi-Fi password take off your shoes
before stepping into the hosts lovely
apartment don't explore bedrooms without
permission
don't raid the hosts fridge or help
yourself to food without being offered
don't bring your pet without asking
first I'm sure your chihuahua is the
cutest thing ever but somebody in the
house may have a pet allergy it's
considered good manners to bring a gift
if you're invited to a party number 14
never leave an umbrella open to dry
neither in the office nor at someone
else's place first of all some people
are superstitious and believe that
opening an umbrella indoors will bring
bad luck secondly if the umbrella did
its job right you'll be perfectly dry
when you come inside from the rain but
the same can't be said for your umbrella
as you can imagine it's not very polite
to get water all over the floor not to
mention your open umbrella takes up a
lot of space and could inconvenience
other people you should just close it
and put it on an umbrella stand or a
hook number 13 never put a handbag on
your lap or your chair it's totally okay
to put a small elegant clutch on the
table however a handbag or purse should
be hung on the back of a chair or put on
the floor if there isn't one some
restaurants even offer special stools
for bags another way out is to invest
your money in a cute little purse
it's a small device you can easily keep
in your bag and when necessary attached
to the table to hang your purse as four
briefcases they should always be put on
the floor number twelve wear pants and a
sweater around the house comfortable yet
decent remember when we said how
embarrassing it can be when you get an
unexpected guest are you walking around
in your underwear or buck naked here's a
good way to avoid that a robe and
sleepwear are meant for going to the
bathroom in the morning and from the
bathroom to the bedroom in the evening
otherwise put on a comfortable pair of
jeans or pants and a sweater or a
t-shirt number 11
when a child moves to their own room
make it a routine to knock before
entering unless it's an emergency or
safety issue you should be respectful of
your kids privacy as soon as they're in
elementary school ask permission before
entering the room this way your children
will do the same when coming into your
bedroom and they'll do the same for
their kids later on see teaching
generations of good manners
number 10 ladies can wear their hat and
gloves indoors women may leave their
fashion hats on at weddings lunches or
garden parties they don't have to take
their decorative hat off at religious
services or at the movies either just
check that your hat isn't blocking
anybody's view we all know the feeling
of paying outrageous ticket prices to
see a movie you've been anticipating for
months only to have your experience
ruined by the person in front of you
also nobody is exempt from taking off
their fancy hat at work dress code is
dress code and
remember we are only talking about
fashion hats and gloves if you prefer
baseball caps or mittens take them off
indoors under any circumstances number
nine don't wear more than 13 accessories
including decorative buttons and
brooches besides the number of
accessories you decide to adorn yourself
with also be careful of their size and
placement bracelets can be worn over
gloves but not rings the closer it gets
to the evening the more expensive your
jewelry can be back in the old days
diamonds were considered an evening
adornment for married women only but
nowadays it's okay to wear them during
the day speaking of daytime accessories
stud earrings are appropriate for the
office just make sure they aren't too
sparkly
if your work is more on the creative
side you can wear larger earrings but
still make sure you don't blind your
coworkers with huge rhinestones number
eight inviting someone to a restaurant
means you pay if a woman invites a
business partner to a restaurant she
pays if someone says let's go out to eat
and everybody agrees that means everyone
pays for themselves if a man offers to
pay for a woman she can agree but she
can also decline if the relationship
between a man and a woman is unclear her
refusal to let a man pay for her may
indicate that she just wants to be
friends sorry guys
the friendzone strikes again number
seven don't inconvenience people on an
elevator in a packed elevator the people
standing nearest to the doors are
supposed to step outside at all the
stops in order to let people exit the
same goes for crowded subway trains it
might sound like common sense but you'd
be surprised how many people just stand
there and make people push their way
around them
oh I get mad just thinking about it plus
if you enter an elevator and it's
already crowded face the doors otherwise
the situation gets real uncomfortable
and real creepy real fast
I mean everybody is already up in each
other's personal bubble don't make it
even more awkward by adding eye contact
to the equation number six the most
prestigious car seat in a car is behind
the driver and it's reserved for the
ladies if a man is sitting next to her
when he gets out of the car he should
open her door and offer his hand when
she's getting out of the car if a man is
driving it's desirable for a woman to
take the seat behind however wherever a
woman decides to sit the man should open
her door for her and help her get out of
the car in business etiquette men
increasingly break this rule hiding
behind the slogan there is no gender in
business
hey we're not saying the ladies aren't
capable of conducting business we're
just saying it's polite and gentlemanly
to do these things number five at the
cinema theater or concert hall you
should face the people already sitting
while going to your seat when you don't
know how to get to your seat without
feeling like you're putting your butt or
other side in people's faces well the
rules of etiquette have decided that
it's worse to put your rear end in their
face so go to your seat while facing the
other people sitting and here are some
other etiquette rules you should follow
at such events don't sneak food inside I
know everybody does it but there's
nothing mannerly about breaking the
rules take the high road and purchase
your snacks from the concession stand
don't use your phone stand up to let
people pass don't just scoot your legs
to the side most importantly do not talk
don't talk to the person sitting next to
you don't talk on the phone don't even
talk to the characters on the screen
they are still gonna go into that dark
creepy ghost filled basement no matter
how many times you scream don't go in
there
number four taboos for small talk
politics religion health and money
here's an inappropriate question what a
beautiful dress how much did it cost so
how should you answer an impolite
question smile and say it was a gift
after that changed the topic of the
conversation if the person insists just
calmly reply I'd rather not discuss that
and how can you break the ice introduce
yourself and touch on the topics of
weather sports current events and
entertainment such as movies or
theater performances these are all
innocent enough number three informality
between people who hardly know each
other is forbidden it's not a good idea
to walk into the office and say
something like man I got so wasted last
night my neighbors called the cops on me
then we gotten a huge fist fight it was
crazy
it's just better to keep things going on
in your personal life to yourself even
if you know your co-workers really well
in the office you should act as if you
were strangers or at least just
acquaintances work time is for working
not sharing intimate details of your
life outside of the office number 2
discussing those who are absent even if
it's innocent gossip is unacceptable you
shouldn't run down your relatives
especially your spouse if your spouse is
so bad why not get a divorce it's also
ill-advised to express contempt for your
country
oh this country is full of crybabies
well if that's your opinion maybe you
should take a look in the mirror
number one it's better to keep 9 things
secret don't ask someone else's or talk
about your own age wealth family
problems religion medical issues love
affairs gifts honor and disgrace what
other everyday etiquette rules do you
follow tell us in the comments below if
you don't want to miss anything
interesting and eye-opening click
Subscribe to stay with us on the bright
side of life